Add firefighting personnel and vehicles (#1412)
hpi-sam/digital-fuesim-manv: frontend/src/assets/LICENSES-IMAGES.md

[blue_car_burned_out.png](blue_car_burned_out.png)
Felix Koch, based on <https://illustoon.com/?dl=9476> and <https://illustoon.com/?id=2723> by [DESIGNALIKE](https://illustoon.com)
License: CC0 1.0

[lhf-vehicle](lhf-vehicle.svg):

> provided by Berliner Feuerwehr with permit to use within digital-fuesim-manv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provided by Berliner Feuerwehr with permit to use within FüSim Digital
```
